1. The way this lab works from the user's perspective is that they are given a menu to choose from, 1-6, and they enter a value 1-6. If they don't enter one of those numbers, the program prints a statement telling them to try again, and the menu is printed again. Then, if they enter 1, it asks them what year they want the record of. If they enter a year that isn't between 1900 and 2024, they are told that they can't do that, and then the menu is printed again. If they enter a year that is between those years, then the program prints the record for that year. If they pick 2 from the menu, it asks for the minimum number of losses they want, and prints the years that they had at least that amount of losses. Same with 3. For 4 and 5, it prints the year and most amount of wins, and the year and most amount of losses, respectively. Then, if they enter 6 from the menu, it quits the program. 
2. Internally, the program has a while loop that runs until the user enters 6 and breaks the while loop. Inside the loop, the menu prints, and then scans for a user inputed number. If the number is less than 1 or greater than 6, the program prints an error message and then loops through again, asking for another number. If the user inputs 1, it passes to a function that asks for another number, and that number is subtracted by 1900 to collect the data from two arrays at that index. The arrays are in a different file, and since they are global variables, are able to look in that array. It prints the values of the index of the arrays, and then breaks through the switch case that it is inside. The same thing for 2-6. If the user inputs 2 at the start, it iterates through every index of the array, and checks to see if the number that they enter which is prompted before that is greater than or equal to their number, and then prints the year by +1900 the i value of the for loop. Same thing for wins but iterates through the win array. If the user inputs 4 or 5, it iterates through the respective array to check what the maximum number is. 
3. To verify if the output of the program is correct, I checked the outside cases like entering a number that isn't 1-6, or entering a year that isn't 1900-2024. I also checked with the example session and my numbers were the same. Idk what else to do honestly.  
